ref(profiling): public methods for new API (#4995)
getsentry/sentry-cocoa: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Features

- New continuous profiling configuration API (#4952)

> [!Important]
> With the addition of the new profiling configuation API, the previous profiling API are deprecated and will be removed in the next major version of the SDK:
>
> - `SentryOptions.enableProfiling`
> - `SentryOptions.isProfilingEnabled`
> - `SentryOptions.profilesSampleRate`
> - `SentryOptions.profilesSampler`
> - `SentryOptions.enableLaunchProfiling`
>

> > Additionally, note that the behavior of `SentrySDK.startProfiler()` will change once the above API are removed, as follows: before adding the new configuration API (`SentryProfileOptions`), `SentrySDK.startProfiler()` would unconditionally start a continuous profile if both `SentryOptions.profilesSampleRate` and `SentryOptions.profilesSampler` were `nil`, or no-op if either was non-`nil` (meaning the SDK would operate under original, transaction-based, profiling model). In the next major version, `SentryOptions.profilesSampleRate` and `SentryOptions.profilesSampler` will be removed, and `SentrySDK.startProfile()` will become a no-op unless you configure `SentryProfileOptions.sessionSampleRate` to a value greater than zero (which is it's default). If you already have calls to `SentrySDK.startProfiler()` in your code, ensure you properly configure `SentryProfileOptions` via `SentryOptions.configureProfiling` to avoid losing profiling coverage.

Reviewer: `l`: Two small typos
```suggestion
> Additionally, note that the behavior of `SentrySDK.startProfiler()` will change once the above APIs are removed, as follows: before adding the new configuration API (`SentryProfileOptions`), `SentrySDK.startProfiler()` would unconditionally start a continuous profile if both `SentryOptions.profilesSampleRate` and `SentryOptions.profilesSampler` were `nil`, or no-op if either was non-`nil` (meaning the SDK would operate under original, transaction-based, profiling model). In the next major version, `SentryOptions.profilesSampleRate` and `SentryOptions.profilesSampler` will be removed, and `SentrySDK.startProfile()` will become a no-op unless you configure `SentryProfileOptions.sessionSampleRate` to a value greater than zero (which is its default). If you already have calls to `SentrySDK.startProfiler()` in your code, ensure you properly configure `SentryProfileOptions` via `SentryOptions.configureProfiling` to avoid losing profiling coverage.
```
